good morning everyone and welcome to a
new vlog it is midway through freshers
week I haven't been doing much so far
because I'm not fresher I'm a third year
I'm not even close to being a fresher
I'm getting older now but yeah the frosh
has arrived at Jesus a couple of days
ago and they all seemed to be having fun
and doing all their freshers week
activities today is Monday and what it's
gonna kick off soon I'm not sure if I'm
ready I've got a meeting with my
director of studies in 8 minutes time
and since it probably takes me about
five minutes to go over to his office I
should get my shoes on my director says
this year was one of my supervisors last
year so I actually know my shoes I
actually know him and he's really nice I
guess I'm going to be discussing with
him what my plans offer after this year
I really do need to be on it at this
point because you know in third year and
then that's your degree kind of thing
I'm also gonna head to the library
because I want to print off my timetable
for this year I don't like only having a
digital copy I want a printed copy that
I can get out to refer to in paper form
and I'll talk to you after my Doc's
meeting because I probably should rush
do you not want to be late it's a very
bad first impression let's start the
year this weather is disgusting I'm
running a sham one time I had to run
back up the stairs to grab my umbrella
because I took one step outside and was
like it's writing
do I want frizzy hair I've just
straightened it not really so here we
are with my sunflower umbrella okay so
I've just got my dolls meeting I feel a
bit stressed like discussing next year
or the future I want to be doing it
makes me stressed out some like what if
I can't do it I just been putting off
thinking about it um yeah should be fine
hopefully
hey lights so I've been back for a while
doing some admony stuff I've now got all
my timetable stuff printed I need to
staple that stuff together actually the
library was so quiet which is kind of to
be expected because term hasn't started
yeah but it's still weird being there
and I was actually going back like oh I
don't like this feeling so intense
studying has gone down in that library
my meeting with my director of studies
just made me think ha ha I actually am
starting my third year it's actually
happening I'm gonna have to work really
hard this year but also I'm really
prepared to work really hard I have set
goals for myself but there's no point
just worrying tons that I'm not actually
gonna meet those goals I just need to go
out there and do it so yeah I'm hoping
it's gonna be a good year hello everyone
so I managed it this afternoon I thought
I'll show you my cupboard it is nice and
low down so I can reach it pretty full
but nice and spacious nice and deep the
plates come fit in here fine we did have
issues with that last year look at my
baking tray but will that bacon undo it
and then we have the fridge and yet
today I'm at a bit of a loose end it is
that workday before what I started so I
think we might be playing a board game
in a second today we are trying out an
an immense rival and I have caught
nachos they look very similar to Nana
mechs but they're not nanyem X this is
tortilla which is news in Cambridge so
far I'm impressed with his natural
hello so we're all in the upstairs pop
Teresa secure
we're playing sardines in the house
because you know it's fun and I can't
believe it everyone's actually playing
but I'm really excited I'm back up in my
room
as you saw we were playing sardines
earlier it's a form of hide-and-seek yes
we are rule 20 years old you know we're
just big kids sometimes it's just a bit
of fun running around the house hiding
from your friends then we went down to
the kitchen and played some cards and
asked a bit more our age now I've just
come up quickly to my room because I've
got to send off a few emails and I've
got a few things I said I get done by
tomorrow
just finishing that off before heading
off to blues and chill in the chapel in
like 45 minutes time blues and chill is
a regular thing that we have at Jesus
throughout term where Jesus students go
and play blues music and everyone sits
on beanbags in the chapel with nice
blankets and just relaxes and chills and
it's a really nice atmosphere
unfortunately it's not starting until 10
o'clock this evening which is very late
it won't finish till 11 I'm supposed to
be up very early tomorrow morning so
I've got a rowing outing at 6:15 so I
need to have an alarm for 5:45 if I'm
gonna realistically get there on time
basically as soon as blues until this
finish I need to come straight back here
and go to bed which is why I'm getting
my stuff sorted for tomorrow now
especially because tomorrow I've got to
head over to the Institute of astronomy
the IOA
for my introductory talks and kind of
stuff gets going tomorrow so I should be
prepared for that
[Music]
hello vlog haven't updates dude but I
got up really early kind of rowing
outing then I went over to the Institute
of astronomy the IOA and had
introductory talks and I'm feeling
height the department is so friendly
they gave us coffee and biscuits it's so
nice and now we're heading to the
freshers fair mostly for the free food
hello everyone so I am back from
freshers fair well I came back from
pressures back quite a while ago it
wasn't as good as previous years because
there was less free food I was looking
around like where are all the free food
stalls that I've come for and there were
far less and it was harder to get pizza
there were longer queues but I did sign
up for concert band so you know a good
thing came out of it and I did get a
couple of slices of free pizza so I
think it was worth going then I came
back and had another bite to eat for a
proper lunch and played games in the
kitchen with my friends which I won yeah
now I've come up to my room I've painted
my toenails because we're going to film
all this evening and I'm wearing
open-toed shoes
very shortly that in half an hour's time
I'm gonna start getting ready for four
more because it's over it's Elwyn which
is another college and it's like a
25-minute walk over to Selwyn so I need
to be ready extra early and their form
will start at 7 o'clock I believe um
yeah I'll see you later going to formal
later very excited hello everyone
so I am at Selwyn College and we are
going to formal him I'm very very
excited more excited than I've ever been
before for a formal actually don't know
if you can see much behind me you can't
really I mean you can't see a bit here
is like the entrance court of Selwyn I'm
not too sure what it's called
and we're gonna go in there hall I've
never been to so informal before
we're into formal
Oh
[Music]
they were okay
[Applause]
good morning everyone today I'm in that
I am never drinking alcohol again food I
had a good time last night though that
one formal was really fun met some nice
new people but yes this morning
I am definitely suffering I'm trying to
revive myself I mean lots to drink I've
got some dry cereal my first talk today
is at 12:30 and then I have another talk
in the afternoon it's just continuing
introductory talks basically for my
course I think today could be a bit of a
recovery day never drinking alcohol
again that bus the conclusion hello
everyone so it's a bit later in the day
and I have managed to get up get dressed
all that I've been out I had a talk over
at the Institute of astronomy on
outreach stuff that the IOA does so
that'd be good to get involved with and
then very shortly in half an hour's time
I've got a maths induction meeting but
that is at one of the sites in town so
it's closer
hello everyone so I am now just about to
go to bed
I think I am now coming down with
freshest flu because I have got a bit of
a blocked nose I love that hopefully I
feel better tomorrow good morning
everyone
so I'm just about to head off to my
first lecture off term I've actually got
photographs at the astrophysics
department before that I think for
access passes or something like that I'm
leaving now the lecture starts at 10:30
it takes about 15 minutes to cycle there
and then there should be time before the
lecture starts to have my photo taken
for my access pass and also get some
coffee because they set up as coffee and
biscuits before every lecture because
the department is that friendly and also
I've got a head over to the Cavendish
the physics department afterwards
because I've got a lecture with all the
physics students as well so my first
lecture say is like an astrophysics only
lecture or as my second lecture is like
a general physics I feel off have a lot
of energy today I'm ready to go I'm
excited
and I am back from my first two lectures
of term the first one I particularly
like it's all about galaxies and still
their dynamics and a lot of it was just
looking at nice pictures of galaxies
second ones okay it's on relativity but
everyone says it's a very really hard
course so I bit worried about what's to
come
and the lecturer seems quite good as
well and just a lot of writing on the
blackboard now I think I need to go grab
some lunch
I might shove something in the oven and
then obviously I've got free afternoon I
wasn't restarted I've got no supervision
schedule don't even know who my
supervisors all this year and back up to
my room as you could tell I'm ill I said
this earlier I have got a cold
thank you freshest flu burliest I'm
getting it over with do you not I mean
I'm gonna do my laundry
I'm gonna go investigate the new laundry
room it won't be a laundry segment today
I'm afraid but you know I'll bring you
along with me for putting it into the
washing machine it's just not gonna fish
or laundry segment but don't worry they
will be returning soon because we do
love a good laundry segment okay so I'm
in the laundry room and the washing
machine this year looks fancier than one
last year look oh I think I just pressed
something I'm doing I've got quite a lot
of laundry too massive bags here I don't
know how one person gets through this
much stuff in like the space of a week
and a half but clearly I'm capable
so I chose some settings I went for
concerns and I've tried to change it to
30 degrees and I'm hoping it's actually
done that you know my clothes have been
ruined in the past with too hot or wash
okay
we'll leave it going okay everyone so
order has returned to my room again like
look how tidy it is my friend Leah from
home is visiting tomorrow so I wanted my
room to be nice and tidy who when she
comes otherwise it's a tad embarrassing
oh I know I wanted to do I wanted to go
through things like term cards for
various societies and stuff I want to
get involved with go through my diary
and see what I can realistically fit in
there's just so much stuff I want to do
this year and like not enough time to do
it all I need to have a think about that
[Music]
I have been after dinner with my friends
we went to tortilla which is a new
Mexican place in Cambridge we went there
on Monday as well so that's our second
trip this week but they've got a deal
going on so what last we thought we'd go
hello everyone so I'm sorry for the lack
of update this evening
I caught a bit too carried away chatting
to people and forgot to vlog but I just
went to the Natural Sciences subject
party which was really fun got to meet a
lot of the new Natural Sciences freshers
who are already friendly I was actually
very impressed with the turnout to the
party it was a good party probably
better than it has been in previous
years so yeah props to the organizers
didn't stay too long though because I'm
I'm not going out this evening my voice
is kind of going because I was talking
too much at this party and I should have
been resting my voice I'm going to go to
bed now because I do have a 945 star at
the IOA tomorrow allow time to cycle
over there
so everyone I've made a discovery today
and that is freshers flu is real it's a
thing I already knew it was a thing so
it's not really a discovery is it but
still I've been reminded that if rashes
flow as a thing I thought that my cold
wouldn't get any worse
I had a slight cold yesterday but today
it's reached a new level honestly like
my voice is a little bit off it has its
croaking moments but it also has his ok
moments I am full of cold I am NOT the
height of health at the moment in my
first lecture I barely listened because
I was just so stuffed up my later
lectures in the day cuz I had 4 lectures
today my last 3 lectures I I managed to
listen to and take stuff in and they
were all ok so it's just the first
lecture that I need to review but even
then it was an introductory once I think
I'm ok it was just I was that person in
lectures who was always blowing than
there is why was that person in lectures
who was coughing the whole way through
it's so embarrassing so embarrassing
especially when it's a small lecture
group my friend from home Leah is
arriving soon I messaged her and was
like I have the worst cold ever so I
fully understand if you no longer wish
to visit but she's still come to visit
me which is very nice of her so she's
arriving very very shortly
I don't currently have that much work to
do so life is good no lectures on
Saturday
no lectures on Sunday it's a chill
weekend hello everyone
leah has arrived we've set up a camp bed
successfully women
yeah DIY women I've hired it from the
poor sludge I don't think they're the
most comfy things you slept on one
before haven't you yes yeah but they're
functional they're functional good and
where is the rest of the staircase this
evening you ask well they're all bit
nerdy aren't they and they like to do
work when they have no work we don't
understand it I have no work at the
moment like I'm actually just taking the
weekend off a loving life yeah spending
some quality time with my friend Leah
yay
that's the update was it was there any
other updates Oh my toothbrush isn't
charging that's the really important
update I don't understand why I plugged
in my charger up here but then it's been
on charge for ages do you hear that
that's all I can always now baby
that's a bigger noise than before yeah
maybe I just need patience I'm not sure
I'll keep you updated on that one
we went to brunch the next morning and
saw a big change in the Coolidge Hall
the portrait of Henry the Eighth had
been replaced with a portrait of the
first female fellow of the college
Lisa's your Dean very exciting hello
everyone so I am in a room and around
here around here used to be all the
pigeonholes I don't know if you remember
but now as an exhibition on basically
it's all about life women at Jesus
College like this year it's marking 40
years since women started being accepted
to the college and it's actually loads
of really interesting stuff to look
around that I get the feeling the
college might be like keeping
exhibitions like this opens around the
earth yes I like it I like it
we'll check it out look at this
guess what we're making chocolate cake
if you don't gasp chimney I'll swing out
the baking tins here's the oven which is
preheated responsibly
I do love a bit of baking so we have
come to Boulder brothers which is a
coffee shop just around the corner
College it's supposed to do good coffee
like a Versailles the best coffee in
Cambridge I've never tried it
so I said to Leo we're going to Goldberg
it's very packed in here today was
pleased in hey so our coffee at bold
brothers was good we headed back to the
kitchen to decorate our cake which is
now cooled but it's not looking like the
prettiest cake at the moment it looks a
bit like a sloppy mess and so we're
running to Sainsbury's to try and get a
few decorations that jazz it up a bit
and make it look a bit more appetizing
so it's currently in the fridge with the
icing and we're hoping that icing kind
of sets because it is just kind of slop
right now we've tried it's not all about
what it looks like it's about what it
tastes like - it was a bit burnt on the
outside as well
we had a pill to struggle with the
cooking but it's all under control guys
will taste good I promise and in the end
we had success look at this creation
hello everyone so as you can see it's
lovely weather in Cambridge this evening
I have just walked with my friend Leah
to the train station and she's just
going to train home and then I've just
bussed back from the train station using
a student bus pass it's great and now
I'm heading back on a short two-minute
walk back to perch and that's it for
this vlog the videos will continue next
week thank you for watching give the
video a like if you enjoyed it subscribe
down below hit the notification bell and
I'll see you soon with another video bye
guys